Add breaking change description about global cadl install (#1409)
microsoft/cadl: docs/release-notes/release-2022-12-07.md

## Breaking changes

### Global CLI looks up for a different entrypoint

> If using cadl using the global command `cadl` that was installed using `npm install -g @cadl-lang/compiler` you should update the global install as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using cadl using the global command `cadl` that was installed using `npm install -g @cadl-lang/compiler` you should update the global install as well.
```

> You should see an error of this type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without updating the global install, you will see an error of this type:
```
